1e. When the vector pushes back an int that increases the memory beyond the size of 5,
 it allocates a bigger chunk of memory to store the values, leaving the iterator to be 
 invalid, thus causing the test to fail.

3. The Coord class has coordinates of type double instead of ItemType, meaning that 
Set<Coord>::insert cannot be called due to the fact that the Set class relies on the 
comparison operator. Since the Coord class does not have a < operator that is 
implemented, then the insert function cannot be called because functions in the Set 
class such as findFirstAtMost rely on the comparison operator.

4b. Without the path parameter, we could not recursively print and add all the 
directories needed to access the file. The one parameter listAll function allows for 
the user to easily access one directory. However, it is necessary for a path 
parameter in order to recursively implement the overload of listAll.

5a. O(N^3)

5b. O(N^3) still because the greatest number the first for loop runs is N number of 
times, then the nested for loop runs for a maximum of i times, meaning N-1 times, 
then the last nested for loop runs for a maximum of N times. This leaves the dominant 
term to be N^3.

6a. O(N^2) since the worst time complexity occurs when you iterate through sp of size 
N, then you insert into result of size N, leading to N*N, meaning that the result 
leads to a time complexity of O(N^2).

6b. O(NlogN) because the maximum time complexity for copying all items into v 
would be O(2N), deleting all items of *this, of size N, would be O(N), and copying 
unique items from v into result would have a time complexity depending on the size of 
v, meaning O(2N). However, sorting v uses a time complexity of O(NlogN), the highest 
of all the other terms.

6c. O(N) because assigning this* to set1 has a time complexity of O(N), when you 
merge the two sets, there is a time complexity of O(2N) which means O(N) because we 
traverse through both linked lists. Additionally, when you insert the remaining 
elements of sp, the maximum time complexity is O(N). Therfore, the maximum time 
complexity overall is O(N).
